that was quiet a game between Calgary in
the Flyers last night I cannot believe
they invoked the sean avery rule on
Chris Pronger that call was horseshit I
think they gave him the penalty because
he was being an idiot Alex the sean
avery rule states that a player must be
facing the goalie in doing a funny dance
with his stick in order to get a penalty
chris pronger was just waving his hand
in front of kiprusoff face and being a
dick it is not against the rules to be a
dick
I think it was unsportsmanlike conduct
and I think he is an idiot no Alex when
he stomped on Ryan Kesler's leg with his
skate last year that was unsportsmanlike
when we kicked Vili neimans leg in 2004
that was unsportsmanlike when he gave
Jeremy Roenick a two-hander to the head
in 98 that was unsportsmanlike elbowing
both Tomas Holmstrom and Dean mccammon
in the 07 playoffs that was
unsportsmanlike when he fractured pat
peaks thyroid cartilage in 95 by
slashing him in the throat that was
unsportsmanlike this was just a little
hand wave give the guy a break
I still think he is an idiot Alex Chris
Pronger is a total hockey cowboy he can
do everything shoot pass elbow
cross-check steel pox and he is really
witty in interviews everyone loves chris
pronger worsened he voted the dirtiest
player in the league last year by 324
players in the NHL
yes and also the year before and
probably this year as well but they
don't really mean it the players all
love Chris Pronger
even Adam Burish
you